Now in order for us to add are objects in as documents to our collection we're gonna do it very similar
to how we did it inside of our create user profile document function.
We're gonna create the Reference Document object and then we're gonna set it using dots.
Now the thing about fire store is that we can only make one set call at a time.
We can't actually say for example call collection rough dot set and then set an array of values in as
the collections documents but that's OK we can just write code that will do that for us.
But the thing to consider is that because each call is individual they fire one at a time.
If our internet connection say stops halfway through our code only we'll have saved half those documents
because the other half would not have made it to the server.
Now this is bad because our code becomes unpredictable.
We want to know that if we hit our function and all of our requests send all of them should set.
If any of them fail we want the whole thing to fail because then we can anticipate that right.
We know that our code is consistent.
So in order to do that we have to do what's called a batch right and a batch right is essentially just
a way to batch or group all our calls together into one big request.
So here's how we're gonna do it.
It's actually very easy with fire store because fire store gives us what's called a batch object and
with this batch object we just add all of our for example sets into it and then we fired off whenever
we're done adding all the calls we want to it.
And what we'll do is we will loop over this objects to add array using R for each method and what this
for each array method is is very similar to the math method.
The only difference is that for each does not return us a new array the same way that dot map does which
is great for us because we only want to call the function on each element and we'll get the object.
Now what we'll do is we will create a new doc reference which is equal to our collection ref at DOT
doc right.
So what this means is that we want to get the document at an empty string.
So what this will do is it's telling firebase give me a new document reference in this collection and
randomly generate an idea for me so we'll actually see it if we console log this
if we save this and we go back to our app we'll see that we logged five document reference objects and
each one points to its own unique ideas because we're telling fire store that in this collection I want
you to make me new document reference objects but create your own key.
For example what we can pass is our object title value.
And now if we save we will see that the I.D. inside of our document is our title on our object but we
want this key to always be unique.
So we're just let firestorm set it for us.
And then what we need to do is we need to actually set the value using our new dock ref.
The only thing is that we want a batch of at this point.
So instead of calling new dock ref dos set we're gonna call batch dot set and what we'll pass it is
the document reference and the value we want to set it to.
So we want to set it to the object and that's all we're gonna do.
We're just going to loop through this array and batch these calls together.
And then what we do is we want to fire off our batch call.
Now what we need to do to do that is call batch dock commit and document will fire off our batch request.
But what it returns us back from calling to commit is a promise when commit succeeds it will come back
and resolve a void.
Value meaning and null value and that's useful for us because if we call this function somewhere we
can chain off this function and then call dot then and do something.
If this call succeeds or we can handle errors as well.
So we need to return this from our call but we're gonna make this an async function because we're doing
an a synchronous request.
So we will return a wait batch commit now before we save this file.
We do have to remember that this collection does hold values that we don't want in our database like
the root name and the I.D. because we're asking firebase to generate them for us.
So what we can do is we can actually say inside of our arpeggios instead of passing the full array what
we'll pass in is a new array where we get the object and we are going to d structure off of it the title
and the items.
So just the properties we want and then we'll just return a new object where a title goes to title and
items goes to items.
So this collections array dot map will be returning us an array of just objects with the values that
we want to keep in and if we save in both files if we go back to our firebase application we'll see
that we have our new collections with the items inside and these items have exactly the fields that
we're looking for.
You have the title and they have the items.
So now that we've stored our documents inside of our collections we can remove the code from our app
J.S..
So we need to get rid of all of this code that we had added into our app J.S. component did mount.
Now the reason we want to do this is because as we mentioned we just wanted to programmatically add
our code of our shot data into our fire store but after that's done there is no reason to keep that
code inside of our component anymore.
But the good news is that we do have this function that we can use to make new collections and documents
whenever we want.
So now what we've got to do is we need to pull our data from this collection into our application and
then store it inside of a producer instead of just setting it as the initial value in our shop producer
right now.
So let's see how we can do that.